Docs: update diagnostic-tools trust con (#14052)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/diagnostic-tools/multicluster/index.md

{{< text bash >}}
$ diff \
   <(kubectl --context="${CTX_CLUSTER1}" -n istio-system get secret istio-ca-secret -ojsonpath='{.data.ca-cert\.pem}') \

>    <(kubectl --context="${CTX_CLUSTER2}" -n istio-system get secret istio-ca-secret -ojsonpath='{.data.ca-cert\.pem}')

Reviewer: This change does not look right. The current names (`cacerts` and `root-cert.pem`) are exactly the ones used in the referenced document used for setting up certs for the multicluster installation docs. https://istio.io/latest/docs/tasks/security/cert-management/plugin-ca-cert/#plug-in-certificates-and-key-into-the-cluster

Author: I'm going through this at the moment to get multi cluster routing working. But there were no such secrets in my istio deployments and no such keys. I'm working with version `19.1`. 
I was using helm to install.
If it happens these secrets appear, I'll update this PR with note about them not being present.

Reviewer: The multicluster installation before-you-begin section creates the secret: https://istio.io/latest/docs/setup/install/multicluster/before-you-begin/#configure-trust

There is a tip that you can avoid this if you're just deploying a single control plane (simple primary-remote setup), but none of this applies in that case anyway. This is dealing with the general case of multiple primary clusters where a shared root of trust is needed.

   <(kubectl --context="${CTX_CLUSTER2}" -n istio-system get secret cacerts -ojsonpath='{.data.root-cert\.pem}')
{{< /text >}}

> If root-certs does not match or secrets does not exist at all, you can follow the [Plugin CA Certs](/docs/tasks/security/cert-management/plugin-ca-cert/)

Reviewer 2: nit: 
```suggestion
If the root-certs do not match or the secret does not exist at all, you can follow the [Plugin CA Certs](/docs/tasks/security/cert-management/plugin-ca-cert/)
```
